c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\FC.dll.config
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\FC.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\FC.pdb
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\obj\Debug\FC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\obj\Debug\FC.dll
c:\users\vladimir\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FC\FC\obj\Debug\FC.pdb
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\FC.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\FC.pdb
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\obj\Debug\FC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\obj\Debug\FC.dll
C:\Users\ZV\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FC\FC\obj\Debug\FC.pdb
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\FC.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\FC.pdb
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\obj\Debug\FC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\obj\Debug\FC.dll
C:\Users\ZV\Documents\FootballCompetitionsSite\FC\obj\Debug\FC.pdb
